c:\users\gustavo.pontes\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Webcast.ModeloDeDominioComORM\Webcast.ModeloDeDominioComORM.Tests\obj\Debug\Webcast.ModeloDeDominioComORM.Tests.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\gustavo.pontes\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Webcast.ModeloDeDominioComORM\Webcast.ModeloDeDominioComORM.Tests\bin\Debug\xunit.abstractions.dll
c:\users\gustavo.pontes\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Webcast.ModeloDeDominioComORM\Webcast.ModeloDeDominioComORM.Tests\bin\Debug\xunit.runner.visualstudio.testadapter.dll
c:\users\gustavo.pontes\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Webcast.ModeloDeDominioComORM\Webcast.ModeloDeDominioComORM.Tests\bin\Debug\xunit.runner.utility.net35.dll
c:\users\gustavo.pontes\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Webcast.ModeloDeDominioComORM\Webcast.ModeloDeDominioComORM.Tests\bin\Debug\xunit.runner.reporters.net452.dll
c:\users\gustavo.pontes\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Webcast.ModeloDeDominioComORM\Webcast.ModeloDeDominioComORM.Tests\bin\Debug\Webcast.ModeloDeDominioComORM.Tests.dll.config
c:\users\gustavo.pontes\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Webcast.ModeloDeDominioComORM\Webcast.ModeloDeDominioComORM.Tests\bin\Debug\Webcast.ModeloDeDominioComORM.Tests.dll
c:\users\gustavo.pontes\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Webcast.ModeloDeDominioComORM\Webcast.ModeloDeDominioComORM.Tests\bin\Debug\Webcast.ModeloDeDominioComORM.Tests.pdb
c:\users\gustavo.pontes\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Webcast.ModeloDeDominioComORM\Webcast.ModeloDeDominioComORM.Tests\bin\Debug\FluentAssertions.Core.dll
c:\users\gustavo.pontes\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Webcast.ModeloDeDominioComORM\Webcast.ModeloDeDominioComORM.Tests\bin\Debug\FluentAssertions.dll
c:\users\gustavo.pontes\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Webcast.ModeloDeDominioComORM\Webcast.ModeloDeDominioComORM.Tests\bin\Debug\Iesi.Collections.dll
c:\users\gustavo.pontes\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Webcast.ModeloDeDominioComORM\Webcast.ModeloDeDominioComORM.Tests\bin\Debug\NHibernate.dll
c:\users\gustavo.pontes\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Webcast.ModeloDeDominioComORM\Webcast.ModeloDeDominioComORM.Tests\bin\Debug\Webcast.ModeloDeDominioComORM.Negocio.dll
c:\users\gustavo.pontes\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Webcast.ModeloDeDominioComORM\Webcast.ModeloDeDominioComORM.Tests\bin\Debug\xunit.assert.dll
c:\users\gustavo.pontes\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Webcast.ModeloDeDominioComORM\Webcast.ModeloDeDominioComORM.Tests\bin\Debug\xunit.core.dll
c:\users\gustavo.pontes\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Webcast.ModeloDeDominioComORM\Webcast.ModeloDeDominioComORM.Tests\bin\Debug\xunit.execution.desktop.dll
c:\users\gustavo.pontes\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Webcast.ModeloDeDominioComORM\Webcast.ModeloDeDominioComORM.Tests\bin\Debug\FluentNHibernate.dll
c:\users\gustavo.pontes\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Webcast.ModeloDeDominioComORM\Webcast.ModeloDeDominioComORM.Tests\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\gustavo.pontes\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Webcast.ModeloDeDominioComORM\Webcast.ModeloDeDominioComORM.Tests\bin\Debug\Dapper.dll
c:\users\gustavo.pontes\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Webcast.ModeloDeDominioComORM\Webcast.ModeloDeDominioComORM.Tests\bin\Debug\Webcast.ModeloDeDominioComORM.Negocio.pdb
c:\users\gustavo.pontes\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Webcast.ModeloDeDominioComORM\Webcast.ModeloDeDominioComORM.Tests\bin\Debug\FluentAssertions.pdb
c:\users\gustavo.pontes\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Webcast.ModeloDeDominioComORM\Webcast.ModeloDeDominioComORM.Tests\bin\Debug\FluentAssertions.xml
c:\users\gustavo.pontes\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Webcast.ModeloDeDominioComORM\Webcast.ModeloDeDominioComORM.Tests\bin\Debug\FluentAssertions.Core.pdb
c:\users\gustavo.pontes\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Webcast.ModeloDeDominioComORM\Webcast.ModeloDeDominioComORM.Tests\bin\Debug\FluentAssertions.Core.xml
c:\users\gustavo.pontes\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Webcast.ModeloDeDominioComORM\Webcast.ModeloDeDominioComORM.Tests\bin\Debug\Iesi.Collections.xml
c:\users\gustavo.pontes\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Webcast.ModeloDeDominioComORM\Webcast.ModeloDeDominioComORM.Tests\bin\Debug\NHibernate.xml
c:\users\gustavo.pontes\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Webcast.ModeloDeDominioComORM\Webcast.ModeloDeDominioComORM.Tests\bin\Debug\xunit.assert.xml
c:\users\gustavo.pontes\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Webcast.ModeloDeDominioComORM\Webcast.ModeloDeDominioComORM.Tests\bin\Debug\xunit.core.xml
c:\users\gustavo.pontes\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Webcast.ModeloDeDominioComORM\Webcast.ModeloDeDominioComORM.Tests\bin\Debug\xunit.execution.desktop.xml
c:\users\gustavo.pontes\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Webcast.ModeloDeDominioComORM\Webcast.ModeloDeDominioComORM.Tests\bin\Debug\FluentNHibernate.pdb
c:\users\gustavo.pontes\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Webcast.ModeloDeDominioComORM\Webcast.ModeloDeDominioComORM.Tests\bin\Debug\FluentNHibernate.xml
c:\users\gustavo.pontes\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Webcast.ModeloDeDominioComORM\Webcast.ModeloDeDominioComORM.Tests\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\gustavo.pontes\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Webcast.ModeloDeDominioComORM\Webcast.ModeloDeDominioComORM.Tests\bin\Debug\Dapper.xml
c:\users\gustavo.pontes\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Webcast.ModeloDeDominioComORM\Webcast.ModeloDeDominioComORM.Tests\obj\Debug\Webcast.ModeloDeDominioComORM.Tests.dll
c:\users\gustavo.pontes\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Webcast.ModeloDeDominioComORM\Webcast.ModeloDeDominioComORM.Tests\obj\Debug\Webcast.ModeloDeDominioComORM.Tests.pdb
c:\users\gustavo.pontes\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Webcast.ModeloDeDominioComORM\Webcast.ModeloDeDominioComORM.Tests\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
c:\users\gustavo.pontes\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Webcast.ModeloDeDominioComORM\Webcast.ModeloDeDominioComORM.Tests\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
